fix: harden github action generated by gleam new (#6141)
gleam-lang/gleam: CHANGELOG.md

  types with a same-named import alias.
  ([Andrey Kozhev](https://github.com/ankddev))

> 
> - Hardened the GitHub workflow generated by `gleam new`
>   ([Willow (GHOST)](https://github.com/ghostdevv))
> 

Reviewer: This shouldn't be under the **Bug fixes** section as @GearsDatapacks suggested. You may want to do this instead: 

```suggestion

### Build tool

- Improved the GitHub workflow generated by `gleam new`
  ([Willow (GHOST)](https://github.com/ghostdevv))
 
```
